README.md, before:

# Neighborhood-Map-React(some restaurants in my city Portsaid Egypt)

## Project description :

The project is about creating a react application for maps so it helps to use Google Maps API to determine locations for restaurants or any other places in specific region and it important for any company to has a location map field for their location to help user in finding the directions of this company and getting more infos about around locations using FourSquare API

## How to run :

1. Download or clone the project by using the link https://github.com/mokai2008/Neighborhood-Map-React.git. 
2. You need to have a node js installed , you can download for any OS from here https://nodejs.org/en/download/
3. Open your command prompt or terminal and go inside the folder of the project 
4. Run this command : npm install so now the app is ready to launch
5. Run this command : npm start so now the app is working
6. Enjoy browsing some restaurants in my city Portsaid, Egypt

## Tech used :
HTML5
CSS3
Pure Javascript
React 
Google Map API
FourSquare API

## What's inside :
You will find the whole files html , css , javascript and react libraries

## license:

Totally free.

## Version :

This is v 1.00

Commit message:

adding how to run the app in production mode

README.md, after:

# Neighborhood-Map-React(some restaurants in my city Portsaid Egypt)

## Project description :

The project is about creating a react application for maps so it helps to use Google Maps API to determine locations for restaurants or any other places in specific region and it important for any company to has a location map field for their location to help user in finding the directions of this company and getting more infos about around locations using FourSquare API

## How to run :

1. Download or clone the project by using the link https://github.com/mokai2008/Neighborhood-Map-React.git. 
2. You need to have a node js installed , you can download for any OS from here https://nodejs.org/en/download/
3. Open your command prompt or terminal and go inside the folder of the project 
4. Run this command : npm install so now the app is ready to launch
5. Run this command : npm start so now the app is working
6. Enjoy browsing some restaurants in my city Portsaid, Egypt

## How to run the project in Production Mode :

1. Run the command:  npm run build
2. Run the command : serve -s build
3. Finally visit : localhost:5000

## Tech used :
HTML5
CSS3
Pure Javascript
React 
Google Map API
FourSquare API

## What's inside :
You will find the whole files html , css , javascript and react libraries

## license:

Totally free.

## Version :

This is v 1.00
